 / i in general think it is very important to make datasets available after publication. A uniied standard protection and procedure across all journals would be desirable in order to not drive a divide between journals and researchers.
 I found the start of this confusing, as I was not sure that supplementary material available online from publishers was fully "open Access" Clearly it is. /  I would make the point that data sets stored by me in this way tend to be pdfs, For anyone who wants ro manipulate the data, an excel file would be more convenient, and I have supplied that direct to a reader on one occasion. I have also put data from the 2011 paper into another open archive as an excel file
 Much data cannot be shared due to Human Subjects concerns. /  / This did not apply to the data in the paper this survey relates to. /  / The requirement to deposit data, or more generally the increasing practice of making seminar and conference presentations available, mean that much real original data can never be shown.   This is a great pity,  especially for students and beginning researchers, who see only a finalized product they cannot learn from.
- in the screen with the questions on whether I agree or not on what is the norm in my field, my replies are mostly wishes of what I think the norm should be since I am not sure I know what the norm is.  What is certain is that we are requested more and more often to make data publicly available (and I think it's a good thing). /  / - in the screen on the results of sharing data: I answered "never" to all the questions because this is my experience, but my experience is very recent (first published paper with archived data in 2013...) and I found no way to indicate this. 
1. I tend to see this data-sharing as transperancy rather than opportunity for others to work with. For that I would be angry if not having been consulted if used. / 2. Certainly with molecular data, not fully informative coding systems could  be used to cover potential company senstive information, such as physical marker locations. Hence for full understanding of these data interactions with the authors are comulsary / 3. I would consider model generated data as well as data, a model being a computer based version of an "experiment".
1. I think that you could ask more questions about the embargo period, more generally about the flexibility that researchers would like regarding when toh make the data public. A one-year embargo might not be enough in some fields.  /  / 2. More discussion about how publicly-archived data can be used by others and whether there can be different ways of doing this. One where the data-provider makes the data freely available for use, the other where the person wanting to use the data needs to contact the data-provider and "negotiate" the terms of use. Maybe allowing data-providers more say in the use of their data, might encourae more of them to make their data available.
1. Sharing processed results makes a lot of sense but I am afraid actual dataset is not.  / 2. Temporal lidar datsets are rare and we make a lot of effort (getting funds etc) to build them and that makes this dataset very unique. There is a huge scope to develop in this area and a lot of researchers within our lab are interested in using them. Although I do agree public sharing of datasets is good, I also do not wish to hamper other's (in my lab) interests in working with them. / 3. Unless raw data is shared, processed lidar data can be questionable in terms of accuracy while processing and hence can be of limited use. So, I am unclear as to which level of data are we talking about in public sharing.
A better definition of data set is important.
A critical issue in all of this is ensuring ethical requirements for reporting data gained from humans are met. Currently ethics restrictions are often so great that it is impossible to share data. There needs to be more middle ground - finding ways of protecting confidentiaity while also enabling data sharing.
A decisive aspect of the whole issue was missed: If it takes a lot of time and/or funds and/or skills and/or prior knowledge to collect a certain data set, sharing it with the public may immediately 'catapult' other researchers into a position to do their own research although they did nothing to collect the data.
A lot of the data that I collect is from private individuals on an ongoing basis.  They provide the information on condition that it is kept strictly confidential.  I have to guarantee that confidentiality in order to conduct the research.  Public archiving would be considered a breach of that confidentiality and the data flow would cease.  This would be disastrous for my research, so I cannot countenance any form of public archiving for my raw datasets.
A pleasure to help!
A scientific work should be reproducible /  / Without access to data it is not
A timely topic.  The one thing I felt was missing was reference to the stakeholders who might have allowed the data to be collected in the first place--for example, private landowners or public land agencies.  These folks are very aware that data collected on their land could potentially be used against them, and it requires a degree of trust for them to give permission in the first place.  Making data publicly available in anything other than aggregate form really opens up the risk of someone using the data in a way that might hurt the stakeholder (e.g. by bringing scrutiny to their land management practices or informing a hurtful policy).  This would then ruin the relationship with the researchers and potentially close the land to any future research.  It is increasingly important for scientists to work with communities and stakeholders--given that, we need to figure out a data sharing policy that is compatible with maintaining these relationships.  
A valiant effort. Give the rigidity of the federal agencies and their policies, however, having a hard and fast policy such a suggested here might exclude govt scientists from publishing in the journal.
Accepted repositories for datasets are available only for select data types, rendering the issue moot for many studies.
after have settled a more open pollicy for sharing data in science, this policy should be extended to model and algorithm source codes
Although I am enthusiastic about this I do think that authors should have a choice; I certainly prefer "available on request" so I can find out how the data will be used and give suggestions/advice on interpreting it.
Although I'm happy to share data on request for a specific purpose I don't think conservation or science would benefit from public data sharing of the type of data we collected for our recent article. My reasoning for this belief is as follows, conservation is already hampered by desperate shortages of data collection in remote parts of the tropics because collecting such data is difficult, time consuming and costly, which means few funders are willing to support it and the incentives to collect such data are often lower than the costs (i.e. relatively few papers for the time and money). Making data routinely publicly available would skew the balance even further, office based scientists could analyse data before additional papers could be completed and funders would likely be even more reluctant to fund new data collection. Scientists analysing data sets they haven't collected is also likely to introduce errors of interpretation because few understand the pitfalls and limitations of data without having experience of the field data collection methods used.
An interesting aspect of research that I have not given a lot of consideration previously.
Another option to deposit data is to have time lag between publication and data deposition. This can be done within database webpage. Authors deposit data and set the time when they want to publicize their data, let's say up to 2yr in the future. This would promote data sharing, while protecting their projects from others long enough. Some labs are smaller others, but may have more exciting ideas. we need some systems to protect such small labs from being exploited by larger labs via data sharing. 
Archiving molecular data to GenBank is routine practice and has become a non-issue.  The biggest challenge is finding a database platform that is flexible enough to handle heterogeneous ecological and phenotypic data, including storage-intensive items like digital video.  Unlike a DNA sequence, moreover, it takes some work to make, say, a behavioral data set correctly interpretable by other labs.  But there is no question that more data sharing would have a hugely positive effect on behavioral ecology and evolutionary biology.  My colleagues and I are currently funded by NSF to develop software for creation and playback of visual stimuli to fish. As a condition of using the software, users will be required to make stimulus parameters freely available online once studies are published.  Thank you for addressing this very important issue. - Gil Rosenthal
As a government employee doing theory work I have no funder and often have no data. Several questions would have been more properly answered as "not applicable."
As a statistician it is both data and programs that need to be stored. I favour journals that store themselves the data (and programs) of that particular paper. To me it not always clear which would be the appropriate other data base to use. 
As I have not considered this subject deeply, I wanted to answer this questionnaire one month later.  / 
As I understand the policies of some funding agencies, data sharing/ archiving is required even before publication. I collect data in long-term (i.e., >30 yrs) ecological studies that examine long-term trends in population/community dynamics. If I am required to archive/share data on a 3-yr cycle, but some important analyses/manuscripts require many additional years, then basically I am busting my ass to collect data that someone else benefits from before I do. Your questions based on archiving only post-publication do not capture that.
As it probably shows up in ma answers, I have not thought about the question of public sharing before. / I sometimes found it difficult to answre because my opinion depends upon how large is the data set (for instance long-term complex data set on the follow up of populations, or punctual experiment). / 
Asking the field of the researcher may help. / Suggesting ways the research could use data like this--that is it is not something I have experience with so do not know how it would apply.  I understand it for some fields (e.g., genetics), but am not thinking abstractly how it would benefit me.  Having some specific scenario examples may help.
By far the greatest hinderance to my group posting data online is the time commitment, which is not accompanied by dedicated funding or rewards.
Collaboration should be encouraged but left to the PI's to choose who they will share data with, rather than enforced as a matter of policy.
Comment: my recent publication in BES was unusual in that is is based on data published by others. Normally my work is based on data I and my team collected in the forest. These raw data I would not want to make available as is because they are not self explanatory. - so it really seems to depend on what kind of data one is working with
Congrats on the research!
Data archiving is a topic which require a lot of debate and a consolidated policy. It is difficult to answer questionary at this point but data archiving does have merit. Although the author should be able to control access to his data.
Data management is going to be a priority for many of us, but in my field a lack of funding caused the existing archive to collapse. A new one has only just (the last month or two) become available.
Data repository has to be user friendly. Even Genebank, which is the gold standard proves to be quite complicated.  /  / The option to not make your data available for some time after publication (e.g., a year) is key. 
Data sets (mostly microarray data in my experience) are often too hard to access and read to be useful, mainy due to poor formatting etc.
Data sets, particularly large ecological ones, are often mined for many years by a researcher or research group to produce as many publications / contributions as possible for grant dollars spent. If the data sets are made public at the time of publication, or even one year later, the community at large would be able to do this mining, taking away the ability of the original group to capitalize on their own data.
Data sharing is extremely important and the right thing to do, especially if one's research is funded by taxpayers. / If we want to continue to have a federal budget for research we must share our results with the public. 
Data sharing is major issue in my field --- behavioral research on nonhuman primates. We would gain a lot from archiving data sets and sharing access --- it would facilitate comparative projects and allow researchers to re-analyze data using different methods. BUT for those who have invested major time and effort in collecting and tabulating data, data sharing presents an act of great altruism. The ones that collect the data pay all of the costs, and those who would like to use the data will benefit. How do we compensate the people who invested so much in collecting the data for their effort? And how do we prevent such people from being exploited? / I think this survey is of great imporance.  / I know that the Leakey Foundation (which funds research in human origins and primatology) has recently been reviewing data sharing policies. The results of your survey would be of great relevance to them. It would be useful if you could send the results to them when you have completed your analysis. 
Data sharing should be mandatory and any embargo for any period of time is unethical. I understand that there are some VERY special circumstances in which this might be allowed but it cannot be the norm.
Datasets associated with published studies should be treated in exactly the same way as every other aspect of the study.  The data that is made public should be subject to peer review under the arbitration of the journal editor.  Vague statements like "all data must be made public" (e.g., PLOS-ONE) will cause a great deal of inconvenience and are highly unlikely to produce any useful outcomes. My research frequently produces multiple terabytes of data that are useless unless they are analyzed by someone highly familiar with how they were produced (namely only by the authors of the study). Dumping such datasets on to the internet, and hoping that “the cloud” will “work it out” is not useful. On the other hand, I am a huge fan of publishing of all data that can be interpreted by other researchers, and really appreciate when other researchers publish this data in supplemental material or public databases. This really should be an easy problem to solve, just add “Study makes available all datasets that may prove useful to future researchers” as a line item on the evaluation form provided to reviewers.
Define dataset more clearly.  When I think of a dataset I think of microarray gene expression results, structure coordinates, or mass-spec data that goes in an Excel spreadsheet.  In our paper we published a table of genes we screened in a small in vivo genetic screen.  Is this a dataset?  I'm not sure.  Good idea on the survey, though.  People should share-- basic kindergarten morals.
Define datasets.  While in my field we are required to submit DNA sequence information, for instance, we are not required to submit datasets to determine gene expression levels of individual genes.  While sharing the former is absolutely necessary and extremely useful, sharing the latter might just lead to a lot of e-clutter and wasted time. 
Define what you mean by datasets - all results? Just medium to high throughput data? What about associated metadata - without all the details how useful would the data be?
Does not easily distinguish what exists in practice (e.g. the horror that is SRA) from what should exist (free and open access to data for all, submitted in a way that is not exquisitely painful for those who have to do it).
Excellent study, I'm available for follow up questions.  Just bear in mind that, I have just begun publishing so the data that I do have available has been posted only for a month or so.
Experiments are often expensive an time-consuming. If I've spent 6 months of my life running a large experiment to collect some unique data, what right does someone else have to just take those data that they have done no work to obtain,and do whatever they want with them? And more to the point, what right does a journal have to force me to give my data to other people? If this is a requirement of the funding agency, then that is a different situation. But no journal should be able to tell me what to do with my (or even the university's) data.
For the first question regarding the JDAP it is not clear what it refers to, the statement above or the sentence below (I suspect the latter and answered the question accordingly). To avoid possible confusion, the question should be rephrase to "the statement above" or "the following statement".
Formalized data sharing is not so important to me because my field is not so competitive. I have always shared, and had other's data shared with me, by contacting the researcher directly.
Formatting datasets so that they make sense to others is not so straightforward
Frankly,I didn't know about the possibility of public datasets.
General comments:   /  / 1)  I didn't feel like any of the questions ever really touched on the main reason that I don't want to publicly share my data.  Basically, my research group put in a lot of time and effort collecting those data.  I don't just want to give them away.  I'll gladly share them, but I want to control the interaction. /  / 2)  There's a distinction between different types of data sets that I think you need to make.  Some data sets are expressly collected for the purpose of sharing.  For example, statewide biodiversity surveys.  I've used such data in publications to great effect and I'm really grateful that they exist, but those datasets were collected for the purpose of being shared.  Such is not the case with most smaller project involving one or a few labs.   /  / 3)  A couple of questions in the "Pleased" section were confusing.  What did the "I would be able to reuse.." mean?  I didn't get that at all.  
Good luck with your study. /  / The definition of "data" was a little unclear to me.  In a typical molecular biology article, most of the primary data are included in the publication, so I see no need for additional archiving.  The answers I gave are relevant only to large datasets such as results from microarray experiments, high throughput whole exome or genome DNA sequencing, coordinates for X-ray crystallography,  etc.  Other fields, such as physics, will have more numerous examples.  Anything that might be cited as "data not shown" or "available upon request", etc. is what I was considering. /  / If a large table is already published as "online supporting data", then I don't see the need to additionally publish in a public repository as long as the journal makes it generally available (which under NIH rules now happens after 12 months at the latest). 
good luck, let's make it more rewardable for ecologist to publish their data set!
Good luck!
good questions, and good luck with the project.
great work!
hard to answer some questions because i work in several fields, and community norms change between them
How about code and models? Data is part of the picture, and many experimentalists feel at disadvantage, relative to modellers, as pressure towards experimentalists to share data increase, but not the pressure on modellers to publish their code.
I am a theoretician and my available data are results of simulations. Possibly, my most important shared "stuff" is the code that I provided as suggested by referees and managing editor. / I was happy to share the code, but not all my coauthors were and this caused quite some tension. I think it'll take time for data sharing to become established as there are lots of prejudices /  / Thanks for your study
I am a theoretician who essentially *never* collects data or publishes it.   This questionnaire assumes that everyone is doing empirical work and collects data.   My choices in the uestionnaire are thus likely to be misinterpreted fairly thoroughly by you.
I am absolutely in support of sharing data and datasets.  The biggest complaint I have is when agencies/requestors make it very difficult to submit/archive data.  Worst of all is when I, as someone who is generally willing to share data and supportive of data sharing, get the most grief from people who have designed tools or methods for archiving, because I am willing to try and go back and forth a few times rather than just not participating.  An absolute prerequisite for a good datasharing system is the availability, usability, and support of informatics tools for data submission and archiving - the submission process needs to be easy and work correctly or people will quickly be dissuaded from sharing. 
I am broadly in favour of data sharing and archiving, but I think that the emphasis on making data available needs to be matched with an emphasis on using other people's data responsibly and respectfully and this is not always happening at present.
I am completely open to "public" data archiving for the purposes of assuring accurate data back-up, but having to openly publish full datasets upon the first analysis of those data puts researchers, like myself, at a disadvantage in terms of having "first rights" of publication on data they have generated.  Even the one year embargo is not sufficient for researchers that also have to teach or have other responsibilities.  I have never denied someone access to data, but the need to "go directly through" the person who collected the data seems a better approach so that communication HAS to occur.
I am concerned that this idea does not take into account how hard experimentalist actually work hard to get their data- if they are required to share it with the world at large, then they may sit on data rather than loose control of their hard-earned data sets . Experimentalist often go back to their own data sets to sort out new hypotheses!  /  / I believe that the people who actually collect data need to retain some credit for their major contributions. /  /  -- others will benefit, but do not need to do experiments, and will not need to collaborate....and can move faster by analyzing other data. / -experimentalist will now be racing with others, who may likely not be collaborators.....why then do experiments? / -I feel it makes more sense to try to match - interested potential collaborators via a forum on PLOS
I am enthusiastically and 100% in support of journal policies requiring data archiving!
I am glad you are doing this survey, and I am looking forward to see the results.   We need to develop a better habits of data deposition, and we need to start a discussion on what data-deposition means. For example (something that I came across in the past two years), is deposition of sequence information at Genbank sufficient, or should the actual alignment used in a phylogenetic analysis also be made publicly available (I vote for the latter, but I have to admit I have not done this myself in some of my older publications).  Depositing sequence information at Genbank probably fulfills data-sharing requirements for most journals, but it is impossible to reconstruct a phylogenetic analysis without knowing the actual alignment used.
I am happy to submitt data for other scientists to check interpretations are correct. However, I do not support other researchers re-analysing or using my data in their own papers without proper acknowledgement or authorship. A lot of time and money goes into collecting data, and researchers that do not collect their own data should not get a free ride. 
I am increasing feeling that making publically available all data and analyses is a good thing, and I am including more raw data in publications (including appendices) as time goes by
I am more comfortable sharing data with researchers that contact me directly, rather than anonymously through data sharing repositories.  I am more than happy to share my data, but I think the interaction between researchers about the data is important for many reasons.  
I am not a huge fan of people who "data mine."
I am not a lab scientist so I do not generate data myself. I do sometimes generate computer code which I feel ought to be treated like data and made publicly available. I do worry when other researchers cannot provide their data in a timely fashion when I have questions about their results and conclusions - it makes me suspicious. The same is true with computer code.  /  / The Sys Biol paper from which you obtained my name contains no computer code and no data, I believe. It was all theory. 
I am not sure the questions related to the joint policy are clear. I had to read it many times before I could make sense. I am still not sure if I understood it correctly.
I am pleased with this proposal
I am primarily a modeler and statistician.  My answers about sharing my own data are basically moot.  I am more likely to use others' data.
I am scseptical of the value of making much of our data publicly available. All the data is from ecological studies and experiments and each dataset comes with its own set of caveats. Ecological datasets tend to be very heterogeneous in their generality, so combining datasets needs to be undertaken with great care. Collaborations within research consortia are more appropriate for mot of the work that we do and we will be proactive in seeking out these external contacts, rather than leave it to chance. Having said that, data sharing necessarily requires greater discpline on quality assurance of dataset archiving which is something that generally needs to be done better (and is something our public/government funders increasingly insist upon).
I am so excited you are conducting this survey!
I am very happy to share my data with others, but I would be emphatically not happy to have my data *taken by* others.  I want to have some claim to future projects I might do with the data - in the modern academic world, the extra 0.66 of a citation that accrues to papers with archived data is worth far less than an additional authorship that might come from writing a second study myself. /  / The embargo policy doesn't seem to work - most of us 'grunts' may not get to a secondary analysis within the year, but a longer embargo period would run against the spirit of data sharing in the first place. /  / The present policy is thus very 'single use' in its orientation, and discourages building up long term data sets for multiple analyses.  It also encourages fragmentary archiving, instead of building large cross referenced data sets. /  / The success of genbank (where hte homology of DNA nucleotides is very clear) may not transfer well to ecological data where the comparisons are much more nuanced. /  / I work awfully hard for ecological data.  There is already a class of genetic researchers who simply comb through genbank downloading data.  These researchers have higher publication output (I could be more productive too if my data were just there for the taking) and are therefore seen as 'better' scientists.  This class of non-data-collecting scietist is beginning to appear in ecology and evolution, and I do not think that elevating such downloaders above those scientists who collect data is good for the field.
I am very much in favour of data sharing having written a publication on the issue and shared data sets with colleagues in the past.  I also sit on research granting boards where we have had discussions regarding these issues (amongst scientists and members from resource management agencies with complex data sets).  Publicly archiving the data is great, particularly for storage, but less so for loose, unrestricted sharing. In my opinion, what should be available widely at first are the meta-data and the contact information for group that has placed the data in the archive.  Potential users should contact the data collectors, not to get permission to use the data per se, but to foster communication and potential collaboration (but not a requirement) between the users, to learn about any quirks in the data set, and to let the collectors know that others may be using the data (for the sake of courtesy and interest).  At this point, the data should be released to the group that wants to use them.  This will help secondary users avoid misinterpreting and/or misusing complex data sets.
I am very torn on the topic of database sharing. For some of my papers, it is a really easy and straight forward thing to do, and on these occasions I have always submitted the data to the appropriate repository or provided as supplemental material (for short term studies). However, most of my work is based on long-term datasets of meticulous and pain-staking longitudinal sampling of individuals in wild populations. These types of long-term data sets - produce lots of different papers, but they are not all immediately written or analysed after the data is collected. In fact, many take years and years of data before the question can be tested. Many members of my group (students and postdoc) continually use these datasets to ask new and interesting questions, and I am therefore VERY reluctant to publish the complete longitudinal data set (containing thousands of individuals, tens of thousands of captures and hundreds of other variables) each time I publish a paper on the study. I have always shared data with anyone that has requested it, but I don't like the idea of being disconnected from a potential user of these type of very complex data. As is par for the course with many of these longitudinal data sets, it takes hours, if not days, to make sense of all of the variables we collect. This is a very time consuming process for me and my group to help with,  and is difficult even for my official collaborators. 
I answered 'never' for the one question with a long list because I have never given my data.  I would have preferred to have selected 'Not applicable'.
I believe in the practice of data sharing, but I have so far received no training in how to do it. 
I believe that it is a fundamental requirement to make data available for others to check your conclusions and analysis. I simply cannot see how real science can be done without it.  Even for my simulation studies i have archive much of the data and all the code used, and would gladly share it upon request.  /  / In God we trust, the rest of you show me the data.  
I believe the the questionnaire would be improved by accounting for differences in what we think would actually happen vs. what we suspect COULD happen if these policies were adopted. Reviewers in our field take ideas from work we've submited, and tie up the review process long enough to publish those ideas themselves. If you are forced to give them your data, there is very little chance that new groups could break into "established" fields. Nepotism and self interest is too great to make such a practice to be sustainable. Just like in a tit-for-tat game there are rewords and costs, and there is temptation to "cheat" for self gain despite the mutual benefit that could be gained from fair play. Since reviewers are currently using the review process to block publications and mine for data and ideas, this strongly suggests that a young scientist could never become established without literally riding on these coat tails.  Naturally publishing the data would be best, but there are obvious consequences for doing so. I strongly suspect the review system would need to be reformed before such a policy would be fair. The policy of anonymous reviews reduces the cost of "cheating" for reviewers and therefore makes this the optimal choice. Peerage of science is a potential avenue for fixing some issues with the review process... but we have a long way to go.
I can see the significance of your enquiry but, in general, I am dubious about using data generated by others and, no doubt, they will be unhappy with my data if it does not confirm their ideas. Hence, it seems to me that everyone should generate their own data and, where external information is required, to select evidence from the published literature. Access to data is less of a problem than careful selection. / 
I didn't find this a particularily useful survey - several double negatives in questions - as if you expect everyone to hate data sharing - so I started skipping answers - you might want to throw this instance away.
I do not believe that publishing datasets will lead to more collaborations. In fact, access to datasets without needing to contact the authors will reduce collaboration cross research groups. There will be an even larger group of data-mining scientists churning over quick meta-analysis publications, racing up the academic ladder over the back of those researchers who painstakingly piece together valuable datasets that have taken years of careful field research. It will lead to a subset of scientists who will never ever have collected a single datapoint of their own, but who will take credit of everybody else's hard work.
I don't agree with sharing data that we have collected as part of a long-term research project (40 years). Why should others benefit from the data we collected and continue to publish on? Perhaps having a 10-20 year embargo would be appropriate. If forced to submit our data, we will only provide summary statistics and will certainly not provide data in a format that could be used by others to conduct separate analyses.
I don't collect data; I use data collected by others. I wouldn't be able to function as effectively as I do without the ability to use the data of others. However, I model the data of others, and so I would be uninterested in supporting the archiving of someone else's data. It is sufficient to my mind to simply reference the data (of others) and how it was used. Some have suggested that modeled results are 'data'. I don't agree, though in a certain context they might be. For instance, a remote sensing scientist classifies satellite imagery into certain thematic categories creating a landcover dataset. Those are modeled results to be shared with others; it's possible those imagery are available (in my experience they almost always are), but I'd rather use the modeled product. I take those modeled results and use them for some other purpose. Am I to then be expected to archive those portions of the data I use? Or, am I to be expected to take my modeled results and share those with others, as the remote sensing scientist did? Are we archiving data used for the study, or the results of the study? I've heard compelling reasons for the former, but I don't 'collect' such data; I do produce the latter, but hear few talk about this with respect to archiving.
I don't like the idea behind forcing authors to share their data because too many people take it as explicit compliance in using that dataset in any way they want. I prefer that someone interested in using my data contact me directly to ask if I would like to colloborate within him/her rather than just taking my hard-earned data.
I don't see real advantages of obliging researchers to deposit the used datasets in public repositories. On the contrary, I think that it is in many cases a worthless, risky and time consuming effort. Many data is available anyway. For example, genetic data needs to be deposited in GeneBank and genetic data can indeed compared without any problems. Obliging researchers to deposit the genetic data makes sense, but obliging to deposit the datasets, e.g. alignments is much less important. In other areas (e.g. behavioural ecology, ecology,...), studies are not comparable and data of different studies cannot be combined without precise knowledge shared by the authors. In these cases it is much better to directly contact the author than relying on repository datasets. This avoids important mistakes and drawing wrong conclusions. I never had problems, and upon request authors always sent me their datasets or even the original samples.
I favor the idea of making data available, which also forces researchers to consider storing and formatting their data in a way that is useful for others - and for themselves later on!
I fear the necessity of overgeneralizing might affect the quality and relevance of the results of this survey.  In my field, conservation biology, the costs and benefits of sharing data will vary dramatically with the nature of the data.  In some cases, data should absolutely not be made publicly available because it could put sensitive populations at greater risk of exploitation.  In other cases, data should absolutely be shared as widely as possible to help managers around the world make better use of information in protecting threatened populations.  Many other datasets might fall somewhere in between.
I feel for my research areas a public archive of raw data mainly just adds to the burden of getting things done with little prospect of genuinely helping the scientific enterprise. My publications usuall have extensive summary statistics, and that is partyly why I am not enthused about provided the raw data 
I feel that all data necessary to understand the findings of a published paper should be included within the paper or as published supplemental data.  Other data sets should not be publically archived.
I feel that publishing complex original ecological data is not an easy way, it might take to much time for the authors and the users might not be able to use these data properly.
I feel that regardless of the difficulties or technicalities of such a convention, the scientific process has to include data sharing in a deeper meaning than just the introduction, material and methods, results, and discussion...  
I feel the real concern is about cranks who make a living out of discrediting other people's work. I for one believe that data should be publicly archived for all journals. It speaks to the honesty and confidence of authors in their data in itself. And cranks should just find another way to waste their time. 
I feel very strongly that people should share data. To me this kind of collaboration is what science is all about. What I would like to see though is a way of making sure everyone plays by the same rules. I have known individuals/research groups who often use other published data, but don't share their own data. This seems unfair. I know most people worry about being scooped, perhaps the solution could be to embargo using data to answer a specific question for several years rather than embargoing a whole dataset? Or getting people to email the authors to tell them their plans before they start using the data just to check the project isn't already in progress. This would be just as helpful to the people who didn't collect the data, as it could save them wasted time too.
I felt the survey was directed at "datasets" like RNA seq data.   / Where the "dataset" is a group of images (e.g. from microscopy), even of ostensibly negative results, I am not sure what you mean or how the survey questions applied. Increasingly such data are found in the large supplementary data files that customarily now accompany papers, where they often end up at the insistence of reviewers rather than by the preference/requirement of the journal.
I filled in the questioner up to this point and clicked in one of the below links and got me off of this page. I`m not sure if my answers went  trough. 
I find it absolutely essential that large data sets are made publicly available and journals should not accept a submission without the data being deposited in such data bases
I found it hard to answer sometimes, as datasets in my topic often are descriptions/measurements of alterations in phenotypes, details in expression analyses. I can easily see that microarray/RNA seq data should be deposited, but other type of data can be very difficult to deposit, and would require a format likely hard to fit all. But I do support the idea of making data public. 
I found it hard to answer the early qs as my work is interdisciplinary - in one field it is becoming the norm to share and archive data openly, in the other it is almost unheard of.
I found it somewhat difficult to understand if you meant data sharing of certain aspects of the study (i.e. we have submitted ESTs for the FASEB J study) or if you meant that all data needed to be shared publicly.,
I general, I am all for it... My data sets are generally genetic information.....I submit to Genbank all sequence information (at least unique sequence information) for all studies as it is established that this should be done. Regardless of whether a Journal requires it or not. Additional data banking would be fine if it wer the norm, at this point we are publishing too much to want to voluntarily spend time formatting microsatellite datasets as for Genbank (which is a pain in the butt).
I generally agree with the data sharing policy and think that it will allow for quicker progress in the field. However, there needs to be a good policy on data access and use of data. Presently I am actively selecting people I share my data with or collaborate based on mutual trust, shared interest etc. Putting data in an anonymous databank with totally open access can mean that you loose any share in what happens with your data. This is particularely problematic for small work groups that may not have the capacity to quickly use the data to the total potential. On the other hand, I also see the problem of people sitting on data which is basically locked up and funds are spend to repeat studies because of previous data being unaccessible. Here a certain time line, e.g. blocking data for 1-3 years before it bacomes public may be a good solution. In some cases it may also be a problem that certain interest groups only allow research when the data does not become public - we have had this issue particularely when working with hunters....
I generally think that sharing the data is important (especially since most research in my field is funded by public money). However, a strict data sharing policy can be very restrictive when we use data from other people or collaborators that don't allow you to render their data publicly available. If such situation would occur, it would be impossible to submit a particular paper to a journal adhering to a strict data sharing policy. That would have the effet of making more difficult some collaborations and advances in the field. I think the best way to proceed is really to strongly suggest data sharing, but staying flexible. 
i get repeated requests for data, some of which I agree to do. Many are from postdocs with unclear intentions. Upon probing, these requests are typically related to an attempt at some quick and dirty meta-analysis - something they can whip off in a few months and receive a publication. Given the amount of work often involved in gathering together the data, I usually refuse these requests. It makes far more sense to me to archive the data with the journal at the time of publication. I was just involved with a Science paper, and we archived the data immediately upon publication. End of story. I still always worry about shoddy post-publication analysis of data, which can lead to embarrassments against which the original author cannot defend themselves [without lots of time to work on a rebuttal, that i would have no interest in writing]. Thanks for asking; I debate this issue with my colleagues continually. 
I have assumed that the questionnaire relates to data sharing. I have not addressed in my answers 'programming code' sharing, which I believe it is also important in many disciplines.
I have collected monthly data for four decades for which I have always had numerous publications in mind - no doubt if this data was available many others would see the same opportunities that I have always seen but without having to put the decades in to collect it.
I have given data from this paper to another researcher who contacted me as a result of this publication. I was very willing to do this because he explained carefully what he was studying and how he was going to use the data. I worry about making datasets freely available to anyone automatically on publication, for many of the reasons suggested in the survey. I think a time embargo would remedy this, but longer than a year (perhaps 3 years).
I have often been frustrated when I make my data publicly available and others do not. I cannot use their data but they can use mine. Sometimes authors will share their data if asked nicely, but this is not always the case. I have been told "I am saving my data for future publications. I am sure you understand". This seesm very unfair. 
I have open-archived genetic data for the Evol. Applic. paper on Dryad - this was mandatory.  I have open-archived bird and tree data for an Agric. Ecosyst. Environm. paper on Dryad - this was my own choice.  I have open access versions of all my papers on my institutional web site Lirias.  I have archived all my data-sets and all reviewer comments of all papers on the same institutional web site Lirias.  
I have recently become aware of the importance and ease of publically archiving the full data sets associated with published articles. This is an excellent idea and should be required of all publications. I would also advise publishing the code (R, Matlab, etc.) used to analyze the data.
I indeed make a lot of inter-specific comparisons these days, using published studies. BUT I tend to use the result of the papers, not the datasets used to reach these results. Forcing the sharing of the datasets could cause great conflicts in my field of research which involves long-term data collected for several decades, with often 10s of publications per dataset (see recent review by Clutton-Brock et al 2010). / 
I like the idea of publishing data used in publications as it's important for others to be able to replicate the results.  There can be an issue in ecology that data collection is a major cost and is analysed in different ways in a number of publications and so researchers like to protect the effort they've invested. However, the data collector always gets the first go and I think data sharing would improve the transparency of many current analyses and allow the field to move forward. 
I mainly work as a modeller and use data collected by other members of my group. I am very in favour of sharing data. However, I know that many of my colleagues working in the lab or field think differently. They often believe that their data gathered due to their own hard work should not be publicly available and only sometimes give it away if personally asked by other scientist. I also know from discussions within my group that there is the fear that others could "steal" ideas for future research etc. / I'm afraid that people completing such surveys are more likely to share data. /  / Good luck with your study! 
I normally share data by sending an email or talking to a colleague directly. However, data available in an archive might  speed things up since one can check the quality of data before starting collaborations.
I often use data collected by other research groups and also shared my data with others. It is helpful, but the owner of the data must be free to choose whether to share his data or not.
I perfectly understand that this survey has nothing to do with the improper use of some reviewing processes as sometimes (rarely) occurred to me: I can certainly see the huge difference between officially allowing data sets to be available for the scientific community (very positive, useful, altruistic viewpoint)  and the egoistic (negative and never allowed)  use of data, that might occurr during the reviewing process. / I wonder whether  some psychological uncertainty in joining data sharing projects may also rise from this.  
I personally find submitting your own data a bit tedious, and I would always be worried that someone would use arcane statistical models to contradict something I found, but in the end transparency is an important feature of science and it's ridiculous that we don't have to show our data.  It is absolutely the right thing to do.
I published only a handful of papers, all of which made use of data collected sometimes since the 1950s. Such data are not easy to share, at least in their raw form. "Data" should nowadays comprise computer code that would also truly make research reproducible. Whenever possible, I provide the code I used as supplementary material.
I published papers with data sets in the past before online data sharing was usual, and thus have never made online data sets available (but shared on specific request and with positive experiences). In the past 10+ years, I have mainly published theoretical papers. Thus online data sharing was not much relevant to publishing my own work. But here another idea: how about making computer programs underlying theoretical work online accessible?
I quite enjoyed your "who shares" PLoS article, and am happy to take part in this survey! Nice work
I see a general difficulty in dealing with datasets gathered by a group of scientists from different institutions which were used to create a study. Some studies built up on datasets gathered by different investigators, who themselves will analyze their data in different ways. If the archiving of such datasets is required by a journal, it might happen that others analyze the data in a way it was planned by the original investigators, who, however, are only minor co-authors in the study yet published. This might reduce the willingness of scientists to contribute with their data to a joint analysis on a topic which is not in their main focus and, thus, might constrain cooperations, e.g. within large research projects.  /  / An emargo of one year is too short. Analyzing data takes more time. Scientists might also want to wait for more data to be gathered in the following years, but someone else can use the archivied incomplete data to publish a related study. 
I should say that I mostly do model developemtn, which is not covered by your questionnaire? (E.g. code sharing)
I strongly agree that data should be made available and shared in an appropriate way, but am not convinced that public repositories are the best venue for this. At the moment they require significant time and effort, and I would much prefer anyone that would like to use my data to contact me directly. That way I can be sure that the data are understood and used correctly, and I feel there is more chance of a useful collaboration, rather than someone just using my data without my input. 
I strongly agree with the publishing of data. However, in animal agriculture much of our data are owned by breed associations who forbid it to be published or are at least partially owned by companies who have paid for genotyping and do not want to lose any commercial advantage by publishing their data. This redistricts the quality of the journals in which the work can be published and leads to many excellent papers not having the impact that they deserve.
I strongly endorse data sharing, but would like to have some influence over the use of the data to ensure that it is not misinterpreted
I suggest that journal asking for data sharing will provide the opportunity for longer data embargoes than is currenty the case (say, 3-5 years since publication). This might be necessary for young researchers (e.g. PhD students) to maintain priority use of their own data for additional publication/data exploitation that might become evident after the publication of the data.
I think data should be achieved but not be publically available.  In the event the data is questioned, or misconduct detected, the data should be reviewed by a panel of experts. Archiving data for this purpose will deter those who would publish fraudulent data.  Currently I cannot publish works funded by commercial companies because they want the details of their data kept confidential.  However, they would be willing to allow data to be archived and reviewed by a panel of experts, as long as the data was not accessible by their competition.  This would also protect IP if a NDA has to be signed by the panel of experts who reviewed the data.   
I think help and services for guiding researchers through a public archiving process would be helpful.
I think it could be a good idea to archive data on public. However, for my research field (landsape perception in Switzerland) I do not think, that such data realy helps other people so much, because data must be adopted to the national circumstances and you must understand the data. Therefore other data must not be so helpful for me.
I think many people have funding sources that require data being publicly available, if requested, but not necessarily posted online. /  / My graduate level work did not have any requirements or resources for data sharing, but I now work at a public institution where data sharing is required. So, my answers to these questions may have reflected the transition I'm undergoing in my professional work.
I think sharing data is good initiative and I try to do it whenever I can my main concern is the fact that it is time consuming. In the current research I am doing I do not see how I could benefit from data sharing but in the future conservation field can benefit a lot and I find it very important. /  / Happy to contribute to this important research also in the future if needed (after I will publish more papers up until now 4 and 3 under review) /  /
I think sharing data once it is published in a journal does not increase the likelihood of being "scooped."  Sharing unpublished data increases the likelihood of getting scooped. /  / If I were to make my datasets publicly available, I would want to be able to control their use in future publications (e.g., make sure that (1)it is used correctly, (2)the users understand fully how the data were collected and the implications of sampling methods for their analyses/purposes/etc, (3) that i receive proper credit for collection of the data (citation) or for substantial contributions made to a paper by discussing my data with other authors (authorship perhaps).
I think some sorts of data should be public, and some should not. I also think that data, if used, should be cited. Having had my data used by someone else and not been cited, I am generally uncomfortable with the idea of making my data available to other people. I think there should be an embargo greater than 1 year. I think 2 years makes more sense, because it can take a long time to collect data and write manuscripts, and I think 2 years gives the authors more time to maximize their use of their data. 
I think that archiving all data is, overall a good thing. For one, it provides two extra levels of quality control: one by the researcher (who is more likely to double-check everything before posting it online), and one by future users of the data. However, as an ecologist, I'm also worried that this practice makes it easier for 'synthetic' researchers to essentially parasitize the system. It takes me years to collect good field data. If someone else can nab that data to address a question that I was planning on getting to, I'd feel like getting scooped may not have been worth the price of an otherwise very noble practice. Currently, there is no way for a researcher to get credit (for, say, promotion or tenure purposes) for other people using their data, even if this usage is acknowledged. 
I think that for someone like me, I am happy with the idea of data sharing but have not found it simple to do. I am not aware of general repositories where data can be archived and available for sharing, nor do I know what I would need to do to have my data in a format that is easily shared. So, the obstacle to datasharing for me is just one of figuring out how to do it rather than any philosophical opposition. My hope is that this technology, like many, will become easier to use over time.
I think that for the sake of understanding the results better you must classify the research disciplines, because there must be a huge difference in problems/benefits in sharing data when we are talking about plant-ecology or human physiology (to name two).
I think that in 20 years every journal will require researchers to post data from papers on-line with their publications.  This will increase accountability by researchers and reduce the tendency to report data with mistakes.  Implementing these requirements will be painful, but will produce better science.
I think that journals should not ask for our data to be stored somewhere before our paper gets accepted, so as to minimise our workload when acceptance is uncertain.
I think that public online sharing of data should be REQUIRED for publication especially on NIH/NSF funded research. Data sharing is required by grants, and it has been too easy for people to refuse to send data upon request with no repercussions after publication. /  / Journals would do well to require public online sharing, as the number of tools to enforce data sharing is limited post publication.
I think this is a very important topic, open data is vitally important for my field of research that takes advantage of data mining to do large scale macroevolutionary analyses.
I think this is an important topic that needs more urgent attention.  Knowing ahead of time that data will need to be archived may  also force better organization and management of data (at least in my case) and provide for better long-term analysis of issues related to climate change for example. /  / Questionnaire was well organized, but did take me longer than 10 minutes I think.  
I think you could have more comments related to how cumbersome, time-consuming, and expensive this new requirement is to most researchers.
I think you need a better, more specific definition of "data sets".  I do not do high-through put, systems biology level research.  My conclusions and statistical analyses are based on e.g. scans of relevant lanes from many western blots, raw data from many biochemical assays, quantitative analysis of 100s of movies (many GBs/TBs of data).  Are you proposing that my postdocs upload their entire notebooks? 
I think you should make the distinction between journals that require the dataset be given or made available up front, right away, such as at American Naturalist vs. those like Ecological Monographs, where upon acceptance for publication, the dataset must be announced publicly -- but necessarily data be there itself for anyone to download -- so that other researchers interested in doing a re-analysis via different methods, or review, or using it to compare to another study(s) can do so by requesting it via email.  / 
I totally agree with the data archiving idea. However, from previous experience I would be nervous about putting datasets online for a first publication, where I knew I had 2 or 3 paper still to write from the dataset, and considerable time, effort and funding had gone into the collection of that dataset.  /  / If all journals made this a policy, I would probably write the 2 - 3 articles I needed to and then submit them all around the same time, to prevent this potential loss of publications/ return on my effort from collecting the data. Then I would be very happy to have the data as public access. /  / This is a problem with all datasets, and the 1 year embargo would probaly help to a certain extent. Also maybe people using the data having to communicate with the original authors (and then putting in their paper whether the authors of the data agreed with how they had used the data (as I have heard of a couple of cases where datasets have been misused and misinterpretted. Its a tricky one!
I was a bit unclear on the meaning of "datasets" - I took it to mean all original data. I currently publically archive all "omic" type data, but the lower density data (quantitative PCR, Western blots, ELISAs, image analysis) usually report in the journal summary data, but as there is no maintained repository for these data, do not post. 
I was confused by "publicly available" because many journals are not open access therefore the articles and data are only available to individuals/institutions with a license to access the journal/article. Therefore, it was unclear if the point was "available online to researchers" or "available to the general public". 
I was incorrectly identified as the corresponding author of my paper; I was only a contributing author
I wear several research hats. My responses to this questionnaire are in response to the question about my ISME J article. / I would like to add that I also work in Ecology, which I find is a field that is very much less open to data sharing and archiving in comparison to microbial/genomic biology.
I will be very glad to receive notification when the survey is complete with a link to the summary statistics regarding survey responses. I would also value a report interpreting the results for use by publishers and researchers in forming more complete opinions about the scientific/policy consensus (or lack of one) on the issue.
I would be fully supportive of the public availability of data related to published work.
I would like to sahre most of all my data to contribute more to the advance and progress of the research and of the society but I don´t know how to do it. And I don´t know if my research is useful from a practical point of view for the society
I would suggest that there should be the possibility to archive your data, but that you still have the control over your data (e.g. like movebank). Thus, you can choose the degree of public access. / 
I'd like to see some comments about whether an author might favour journals with compulsory data archiving protocols that were not-for-profit compared with journals with the same policy that are profitable companies. /  / My tepid enthusiasm for a general policy of archiving public data is that it takes little account of the rights of land owners on whose property the data were collected.  In my case, I have several data sets collecetd on land owned or administered by indigenous people.  They would feel very uncomfortable about what they perceive as their intellectual property being amde publicly available in any circumstances, and it is very likely that they would not consent at all to to the primary data becoming the intellectual property of a foreign, profit-making company.
I'm afraid that making data publicly available to anyone will not boost collaborations as people will be free to use data sets without reference to people who collected the data. I'm actually working with lots of collaborators on many data sets and I think it's important to have to contact the persons before working on their data, not only because of risk of misinterpretation but also from an ethical perspective including asking them whether it's ok to investigate a question based on their data and of course proposing co authorship. I guess I'm in favor of storing data for the sake of saving them on the long term but not in favor of anyone using whichever dataset they come across. /  / This view is perhaps guided by my work on long term data sets. I used to perform experimental work, and I would have had no problem having the data publicly available as an experiment is designed to answer one specific question. In contrast, in the case of long term data sets (>10 years or so)  which can be investigated from a lot of different perspectives, it would be extremely unfair for people collecting data to have to share their data without counterpart. Moreover,  it could make getting funding more difficult to carry on these studies as more & more data would get freely accessible on the web, so that publications rates could be higher for those working on web collected data than for those doing the actual field work. If sharing gets to be the norm, maybe funding agencies should then offer recurrent funding for these long term studies
I'm surprised you don't collect data on kind of institution (or % time spent on research and teaching). The biggest fear I hear from my colleagues (at a primarily undergraduate institution w/ moderately high teaching expectations) is that if the data are archived, we'll be scooped by post-docs who have nothing else to do with their time except do research and write papers. I want to put my data out there; I'd rather it get used by someone, and who knows when I'll have the time to do all the analyses I'd like to - I teach 3 classes / semester, so life is full. But I also don't want to turn into a data-collection technician for a post-doc. The current direction we're heading with data archive policies places a much higher value on analysis than on experimental design and completion (the former deserves authorship, but the latter, apparently, does not (I'm supposed to be happy to see my data in someone else's publication because they cited me? Please...)). That may have been appropriate for archiving genetic data, but let's face it, a trained monkey can sequence a gene these days.  I am reluctant to archive my data because I don't think the intellectual contribution that went into its collection will be respected. 
I'm the managing editor of a JDAP journal so my responses aren't exactly neutral...
If a journal obliges authors to publish their data, then the journal society should secure that the Impact Factor of the journal is higher than most of other journals of the same discipline. /  / The cost of publishing raw data for a paper (risk that others will go further in the research area than the team that collected the data) should be compensated by benefits (increased citation rate, increased visibility in the topic).
If a journal restrict the size of the supplementary data, would you still choose the journal to for your next manuscript? How about your decision if the journal has a high impact factor?
If you look more closely at the journal papers you might find that some (e.g. mathematical/theoretical) papers don't use data and the authors probably don't have strong opinions on this topic.
In ecology with an extremely diverse set of possible response variables, I find it particularly daunting, but very important, to come up with a common format for data sharing including annotations with meta-data. Also, the ubiquitous use of American units (e.g., inches, Fahrenheits, etc.) causes lots of problems - it should really be common practice to use SI units - also by federal agencies such as USGS, US Forest Service, etc.. / 
In ecology, we often spend years collecting datasets that are unique.  That effort, combined with the set of ideas that led to collection of the data, should convey a large degree of 'ownership'.  
In general data, not imagination or innovation, is the limiting factor for ecological research. I think that there should be an advantage for researchers and institutes that devote large resources to collecting data. In the past I've found that fellow ecologists are happy to collaborate if requested either face-to-face (at a conference for example) or if contacted via e-mail or phone. I think this is a more appropriate channel for data sharing, since the people that have put the effort into collecting the data maintain control over who obtains access to it. If people what their data to be freely available without request, then they have that choice.  
In general, I fully support data sharing with one exception/concern. Long-term datasets represent a colossal and invaluable effort for research in ecology and evolutionary biology. The only incentive for embarking in such endeavor is the high returns in terms of publications. If, however, data is made public after on the first publication, this incentive disappears. I thus worry that, for those cases, mandatory sharing of data will discourage those invaluable studies. This is not a problem for short-term data.
In most of my paper, the entire dataset is contained within the body of the paper. There isn't an option for this on most questions. I try to share all of my data whenever I can, but this doesn't come across in my answers to some of your questions.   / Other things you might ask about / Sharing of materials / Journal policies about submitting information to databases eg Tair: some journals more or less insist
In my area it is obligatory to deposit molecular data (DNA sequences). However, depositing other data (morphological etc,) is optional.  
In my area of research, there are NGOs and advocacy groups that have strong agendas they will pursue at all costs, and sharing data is frowned upon by government agencies I collaborate with because it exposes them to hyperbolic or inappropriate claims of such advocates. The data will be shared on request from qualified researchers or NGOs with a clear stated need (e.g. they are evaluating the influence of a particular development on an animal population), but not widely or commonly with groups that have a general interest or a strong stated advocacy position. I don't feel this issue is quite captured in your "I am worried because.." section.
In my experience the cyberinfrastructure is too primitive to make public data sharing very useful without a huge amount of effort by researcher who wants to use it. I've tried using publically archived data for years, without much success, whether in teaching, where it would be a great resource, to collaborative large meta-analyses. The only folks who seem to manage are NCEAS-type collaborations. Metadata standards are onerous and do not achieve the purpose for which they are intended. I set up and maintained a public database at a research institution for 10 years, during which time and since, very few have used it and when they did, most did not acknowledge the site or sponsor. While I think publicly shared data are important, they will not reach their desired potential benefit until the IT infrastructure makes cost-to-researchers/benefits lower. Finally, Google's public data bases, which are easy to search (e.g., Google Ocean), are a means to make profits, as opposed to being stringently peer-reviewed. Yet, researchers are willing to populate the database with little return. Sometimes they are eminent scientists, other times they are unreviewed. I spend a fair bit of time with Google over the past few years trying to find a mutually compatible way for our scientists to share their data and in the end, we all backed out due to the profit motive on Google's part.
In my field (livestock genetic improvement) we usually obtain data from commercial breeding companies. We are not allowed to share that data, is it is not ours. 
In my field (molecular systematics) it is common practice to deposit the data in a repository (genbank) where it will be publicly available. Yet in related fields and fields that often use this sort of data (such as ecology) it is not common practice to make data available. Thus it seems there are still double standards when it comes to data sharing
In my field (plant biology), almost all journals require public archiving of the datasets as supplementary material. Also, upon publishing, the authors agree that the published research tools (e.g. plasmids, seeds) will be freely distributed to other scientists. I think this is the right way to do science in any field.
In my field of research there is a trend towards using easily available public data (e.g. digital geodata) rather than collecting own subject-specific and question-related data. My impression is that this frequently leads to "quick and easy" publications which do not necessarly contribute to the understanding of the system. Moreover, re-using data of other scientists, without knowing about the context of data collection, (i.e. possible biases, problems and caveats) can be very problematic with regard to an appropriate interpretation of the results. For this reason, and because of negative experience with publishing sensitive data (locations of endangered species), I generally take a critical view on the subject of data sharing. 
In my field, it is required to submit discovered DNA/RNA sequences to the public repositories. I considered that in the questionaire  but I am not sure if this is the data sharing you meant.
In my field, it's common to have requests for published (or unpublished!) data from qualified researchers.  I think it's much more important for *unpublished* data to be available as those data are otherwise not known about.  Once published, it is obvious that the data exist and researchers can request them with an explanation of how they will be used and guidance from the author of caveats, etc.
In plant and animal breeding the datasets often characterize germplasm that has a competitive marker position with germplasm held by others.  Many owners of the germplasm are pleased to have us work with their data, and are happy to have us publish in general terms, but the release of the original phenotypic and genetic/genomic data would directly compromise their business.  In some cases our datasets represents the entire national database, and such sharing would benefit international competitors.  This is especially true in animals where they cannot be patented and the data is the only form of trade secret. / In most cases, we simply cannot consider publishing in any journal that has an absolute requirement for data sharing.
In principle I agree with the data sharing policy. However, I do worry about the timescale regarding embargoes. I might, for example, wish to publish part of a project on which I have a grant application pending or is part of an ongoing project. A year embargo may not be sufficient to protect my research independence. If my work is interesting it may be picked up by a more established group who would more easily obtain funding and I could lose the opportunity to extend my work. I would like to see an option to apply for an extended embargo in this circumstance.
in principle sharing data is good. In practice, it requires a change in mentality and a lot of work to make this reasonably easy to do.
In some instances, like in imaging methods requiring very large data sets (with any raw image requiring tens of Gb) the submission of data to a public database is not easy and I don't think anyone has made available Tb of space so that this can be done... There is neither, to the best of my knowledge, available software/websites that would consider such datasets. / It would be interesting to find a way of sharing that kind of data, but I am not sure current resources are available just yet.
In the core research area pertaining to my recent BMC Biol paper (phylogenetics) it is both normal and expected that data will be publicly archived (eg TreeBASE, Genbank). I feel this community sets an excellent example that others would do well to follow.
In the previous question I was not sure what yu mean with "using"
In your questions, you do not touch upon the issue of the benefits of datasharing to large databases. How to reward data which is part of a larger dataset?  
InappropruiateBMC Biol paper to fill in this questionnaire
Include more questions on different types of data and the risk of scooping, particularly in fields like ecology where large datasets are collected over many years, to be used in multiple publications, and where a first paper may be published three or four years before a final paper on a dataset, if not more.  /  / Also include questions not only about whether the individual has experienced something like scooping, but whether they know a colleague who has experienced it. Many of us are leery of full-dataset online availability because of scooping that has happended to close colleagues and collaborators that have made particularly interesting data available. It would be nice to see questions about whether scientists have delayed publishing papers for several years because of a data-publishing policy from either funders or journals, so that they could do all analyses desired, which slows down scientific progress more than having data be available "by request". / 
Including an option on the survey  that considers that one may not be aware of how or if their datasets have been used or cited would be useful at the beginning of the survey. I used the term "never" but I don't know that for a fact.  / On this topic... I think a growing problem is that the repositories for data are getting so big only specially skilled scientists can mine them effectively and the bigger they get the bigger the challenge.  Dumping raw data is not what we do for the information we report in papers so is this the most effective way of handling large datasets?
Interesting questions but letting data out has resulted in other labs 'borrowing' the techniques and data and publishing it or turning in a grant.  Who is responsible for the data collection and analysis is forgotten by the plagiarist.  I have my data given at large symposium without reference to my lab.  With the stress of publication you can not trust very many.
It is a very interesting one!
It is already standard practice for all generated sequence data to be archived on genbank/embl. This means that for all of the papers I have published all of the sequence data (which equates to all of the data in the papers) is already archived for all to access.
it is difficult to answer some of these hypothetical questions without first addressing the following: /  / how do I know if someone has used my published data without citing me until they publish something? /  / how can i be assured that someone will cite my published data if they use it? /  / in the JADP-related scenarios, what frameworks are in place to regulate how published data is used and cited?  for example, is there a method in place to "cite" datasets that are used in meta-analyses but that are not cited within the body of the corresponding paper?   currently there is not such a method, nor or there reasonable protections / guidelines in place to ensure that people who produce data have a "reasonable" opportunity to utilize the data to its full extent before sharing it with the public    why is one year the limit to the restriction for use of data post-publication? /  / i think science would be greatly improved by encouraging and even requiring data sharing, but it must be done in a manner that still protects intellectual property and the career development of scientists (particularly junior scientists)   
It is difficult to answer some questions as not all data is equal. I have made available most raw data (only as far as it is  standart in the field) but I have not made online available the outcome of all analyses only their summary. So other researchers can reproduce all datasets from the data published however it would take them some time and effort. So I answered all questions with this abmigouity in mind.
It is important to distinguish between personally collected data used in a paper (which seems to be the focus of this questionnaire), and "publicly" available data that is used in a publication.  It is also important to archive publicly available data used in a paper because not all downloadable data remains available indefinitely, and recent data is not necessarily the same as older data.  
it is not clear what a dataset is: could be raw data as that used for statistical analyses (that's how I comprehended the statment)
it is repetitive and somewhat annoying
it is worth noting that my university is in the process of instituting data archiving. The system is not yet operational, but when it is, I expect to post data from future projects. I often make summary data available as Online supplemental data.
It may be usefull to ask for percentages instead of numbers of publications where the data were publicly shared.
It would be better to unify the format for data sharing in general.
It would be good to ask people if they would be willing to publicly archive their data if there was a policy that they had to be asked to be involved in a collaboration if the dataset was used within the first year. After the first year after posting the dataset, it seems that the data should be fair game for all to use. Or maybe an even shorter period of 6 months. I do think that the field of ecology and evolution needs to move VERY RAPIDLY to mandatory public archiving of datasets. I shared one data set, but not another, publicly, as my advisor said we should hold on to it for future publications. I think this is wrong-headed. 
It would be nice to create repositories for data or material. TAIR is a good example. This would, however, require extra funding that should not be obtained from submitting labs as this would disadvantage less well off labs. 
It would be nice to have people's opinions on sharing computer code related to data analysis and simulations. Some people protect their code as much as their data.
It would be useful to know how many data originators are included in future use of data as collaborators once the data is publicly available. The statement of I am pleased to increase collaborations seems to suggest that this is a certainly when it seems that equally likely is the concept that once data is publicly available, there is very little chance of being included as collaborators.
It's not clear what you mean by 'data set'. In my case, the article in question shows represenative data and also provides stats that describe ALL the data. But we do not show each and every image/value that we generated. These are data sets, but I'm not sure that's what your survey is about. This made it challenging to accurately answer your questions.
Just another thought on online data archiving.  / I agree it is useful for ensuring data is not lost, and can be used again, for different analyses. However, data in the wrong hands, without enough knowledge behind how it was created, could be dangerous, and may not further science at all, and instead may make errors. Perhaps it depends on the discipline? But normally datasheets require quite a bit of explanation before they can be used, and it seems this must happen in conversation with the original owners of the dataset. So I guess my major concerns are (a) that others will analyse questions you intend to ask of you data (though you have a year I guess if you ask for it - this may not always be enough) and (b) perhaps more importantly, that others may use the data inappropriately without properly liaising with original authors to check things. 
Just want to point out that I do a lot of datasharing but always in a collaboration rather than by just putting the data on the web.
Many of the questions depends on the data you have in mind. My data for the paper were not in a form that they were very useful to others unless others wanted to repeat my story. For that purpose I think it is better for other authors to take contact with me and collaborate so we are sure that the data are proper for the analyses done and that I can comment on results as these may be related to study design etc. / Everytime people want to use my data they want it in a certain format, hence it may be difficult for an archive to make a good format that suits many purposes and will not cause a lot of questions. But otherwise I have nothing against sharing my data.
Much of my work involves long-term (20-30 year)ecological data sets with ongoing field work. The ability to win grants justifying further data collection and manage conflicts among a wide network of collaborators depends on having some control over who is addressing what question with which data. PIs running these projects (I am not one of them!) are concerned that these needs are difficult to manage with meaningful data sharing (i.e. it could be done by publishing summary stats or similar but this would not serve the scientific community either). 
Much of my work is collaborative, and whilst I am happy to share data publically-some of my collaborators are not, and have either verbal or written data-sharing agreements which would be violated by datasharing. I feel that most researchers would be willing to share data as long as their contribution is properly cited and acknowledged and it does not prevent them doing research they had planned. Datasharing is good, and important-but needs clear usage policies, so everyone understands how it is meant to be used and mis-understandings are prevented where-ever possible
My biggest concern is being scooped as it has happened more than once when I have shared data.  I am very willing to share my data with individuals working on similar things as long as their proposed project is not the same to what I am working on.   Although not a direct concern with my data (based upon what I work on), I could envision the misuse of publicly available data to promote specific agendas (such as climate change or lack thereof) by unscrupulous or unqualified individuals.  I fear this could inappropriately influence public opinion or cost researchers wasted time by defending/combating inappropriate analyses.
my enthusiasm for data sharing grow during the survey. / To be honest, it was not something I had been thinking about before. But there are many advantages, indeed. certainly because I regularly publish meta-analyses.
My main objection to sharing data is that typically the data are very large scale, have taken years to acquire funding to collect and will be the subject of multiple research papers, not just one. There is a tendency for lazy researchers to go data hunting without a proper understanding of the data they are acquiring.
My personal opinion is that open data archiving doesn't go quite far enough, because getting from the raw dataset to the published results is often quite complicated and opaque.  I would suggest that a good goal to aim for would be to publish not only the raw data, but also a script that turns that raw data into the plots and figures used for publication.  This means that every little step (transformation or recoding of the data, exclusion of outliers, etc.) is clearly documented in the script, even if some steps fail to be mentioned in the text of the paper (which is probably very common).  It would not be possible to insist upon this at present, since many papers will use analysis methods that can't be easily encapsulated in a script for public consumption; but it could be encouraged, with the intention of moving towards requiring it eventually, I think.  The ultimate goal is transparency and reproducibility.  Open data achieves that goal for the raw data; "open analysis" would achieve it for the next step in the scientific process too.
My problem with making data available is frequently one of ownership: because I depend on pre-existing data for my work (e.g. documenting large-scale ecological patterns), which I typically obtain through collaborations, I cannot simply make these data available as a matter of course. On the other hand, several of the datasets I use already are publicly available, and I do generally make available the tools (e.g. computer code) that I have used to extract these data, and to add value to them.
My research does not particularly lend itself to this kind of archiving.  However, conclusions are supprted by graphs or tables which may include all the data, or at least typical examples of it.
My research has collated and collected data for use in time-series analysis of  biological responses to climate change.  I am therefore well aware of the time and effort that goes into collecting this data.  I also know the value of and importance of global analyses and syntheses, being currently involved in a project working in this area.  Many metrics of change can not be derived using meta-data from the literature and therefore global and multi-species/trophic analyses are not as strong as they would be with access to the datasets.  Researchers will become more accepting of datasets being made publically available if there were esteem factors associated with them e.g. use of data was given the same/some weighting as a publication.  
My research is not in an area where data archiving is customary or often possible. The July 2011 Proc r soc B paper  falls into this category.
Needed other options re. 'not enough time since publication to know' for impacts. Survey layout, flow could be improved - don't show people stuff not applicable to them (i.e., use skip logic). 
No, but I wanted to stress that as a charity we rely on the money we received from data requests. Without this we wouldn't be able to function as a research organisation. Whilst I feel that data should be available to others, it shouldn't result in a financial loss. Obviously at the current time, any journal that asked for data to made publically available would be avoided.
Not really on improving the questionaire, but in general I worry about meta-data studies where the data in question were not collected in a consistent fashion or with a consistent intent. /  / I would love to have some of my data publically archived, and that is a requirement of my funders.  However, I am not aware of a place I can easily (and cheaply do this).  Despite requiring public archiving, my funding agency (NSF) did not increase the grant amount to cover these costs.  I estimate if I want to host the data at a commerical site, at current rates it will cost $288/month in perpetuity at, for instance, Amazon.com (at their slowest access speeds).   That's >$34,000 a decade.  What does "publically archiving" data mean?  How long is it archived for?  Where, and by whom at what cost (both time wise and financially) for the researcher?  Are there government supported sites for publically archiving government-funded data free of cost to researchers?  I know of some (for instance, the iPlant collaborative) but the restrictions on the amount of data I can host on their servers are sever (I think 100GB? No where near the 25-50TB would need to archive just a portion of the data I am generating).  /  / While I agree with the general intent and philosophy of publically archiving data, I think it is a bit transgressive/overly onerous burden for a journal to require public archiving on top of publication fees.  Many research programs (including my own) barely have the money to pay to publish, let alone archive.   /  / One benefit I think there is of publically archving data that I did not see in the survey is that the data is then safely backed up and stored.  In that sense, off-site publically available data archiving would provide me with a direct, immediate, and tangible benefit: a safe backup and storage location.  For the amounts of data I intend to collect, I simply do not have the capacity to store that data locally in any sort of redundant way (such as a RAID array).  But I also can't affort to pay an off-site data archving service.  It's a real conundrum!  
Not really, but an important question could be. Why during any candidate selection for a job data providers resrachers are not considered as much valuable as publications?. Things have to change a lot before data sharing. CV should not be only published papers or numeber of citations. Perhaps a good thing to do is to cite data providers. /  / cheers
Note I did not answer the question about what happened when I shared data because I have not actually shared any complete "raw" datasets with researchers outside my research group. I suggest you add a "not applicable" choice here or allow readers to skip the question.
Note that a few journals in my field now require data archiving but that this has been fairly recent and I have yet to see the results of this. Hence, many neutral responses and no bad experiences (yet!!!)
Nothing special. I tatally agree for better good reaserch.
On the topic: My primary reason to support data archiving is that it puts extra pressure on students and researchers to get everything right about their data. It creates very important transparency: anyone can check that the results reported really follow from the data. It also makes it harder to commit scientific misconduct. These issues are major pros to data archiving. /  / The potential cons would be if data archiving lets any scientist publish on data collected by others, without collaboration or consent by those having collected the data. If that is a legal consequence, I would advice strongly against data archiving and look for journals that don't require this practice. The data should be exposed by archiving but the intellectual property rights shold stay with those having collected the data/performed the experiments.
On-line published datasets are part of the grey literature, poorly peer-reviewed, ephemeral (easily lost on the web), prone to abusive use.  These data often have received less scrutiny than the published data.  Their authors were focused on using their data for the question answering in their research paper, they were paying less attention to unstated assumptions and implications that the dataset has and that may be important for new users that were not involved in gathering the data.  As such, these data could be misleading. / In an ideal world, these are unreasonable worries, in our world, they are not.
One area that i feel is slightly brushed over in this topic is the question of scientific honesty. Within many research fields there are bitter and acrimonious disputes, where a certain amount of mud slinging about the accuracy/honesty of the results presented. Data sharing would be one way to ease this problem by having datasets in the public domain. Although its obviously wont be a panacea to this as they are still open to interpretation
One of the biggest barriers to public sharing data of some of the data from my lab is the large size of the raw data files (long, high resolution video files).  The smaller data sets where specific information has been extracted from the raw data files (such as the coordinates of points in 3D space) then require explanation.  Furthermore, it is not always clear how to package the data, for instance what file format, or packaging the data for public distribution becomes a significant (and unappreciated) task.
One of the earlier questions about things that happened as a result of data sharing could also be interesting if asked in terms of reasons why one chose not to share data in the past.  Several of the answer choices in that question have factored into some previous decisions not to share data, when there was an option (e.g., in the earlier phases of a project). I think 2 very important considerations are whether or not graduate student theses are dependent on the data and how much future work is planned for those data (including whether grant objectives are remaining to be fulfilled).  / Another perhaps more philosohipical consideration is that a tremendous amount of work goes into the collection of some data sets (e.g. ecological and genetic data sets from natural populations). Yet once these data sets are publicly available and other investigators use them for other analyses, there is no distinction between a publication from investigators who collected data vs. one that used someone else's data set.  If the work advances methodological tools in the field, the value is clear. On the other hand, collecting the data is an important step towards understanding a study system.  I hope with the ever increasing push for high numbers of publications, re-using others' datasets will not become viewed as a route to quick publlications and the connections between scientists and their study systems are not lost. 
One point not covered by the questionnaire is that voluminous data sets are mainly published as supplemental information, because of the journals' length restrictions for articles. Also, some data sets are not for reading, but rather for computer-aided perusal, such as microarray data provided as xls-spread sheets. There is just no other way to publish this information than as supplemental data for a manuscript.
One potential problem, or at least thing to think about, is that different fields lend themselves to public archiving and reuse of data more or less well.  For example genomic sequence data or species diversity data can easily and naturally be reused because the questions and techniques for collecting the data are fairly standard across many systems.  This means both that specialized databases for this particular kind of data are possible to make and useful.  In some other fields, like my own (behavioral ecology) the type of data collected tends to vary qualitatively depending on the questions asked.  This makes it harder to store the data in any standardized way that lends itself to larger-scale reuse (because the data structure is unclear) and also harder to use in concert with other datasets because the collection techniques may vary in important ways.  This doesn't mean that there is no value to making the data publicly available.  It is good for others to be able to reanalyze the data in other ways.  For example if other researchers find different results in another system, it would be nice for them to be able to check whether the different results are due to differences in the way the analysis was done.  It is also good for others to be able to use the data to ask other questions that weren't originally addressed in the manuscript, or even to use the data in teaching.  However, all of these uses are much more targeted, in the sense that it is about one specific dataset -- so there's not much advantage in having them stored publicly in some archive rather than simply emailing the author.  The main advantage from public archiving comes when it forces people to store their data in a particular format, which makes it possible to do comparative metastudies reusing data from many sources.  So even though I am in favor of data sharing in general, I am not yet convinced that the cost/benefit ratio of doing so in public archives is favorable in all fields.
One question you didn't ask was how often I encounter other people's work where the data SHOULD be public but isn't. In Molecular Ecology this has happened several times, and when emailing for access we receive no, or a hostile response. A direct approach to the editor has failed to solve the issue.
One thing I think that is a bit unclear is what constitutes 'archived data' .  In my case this represents summarized data and not raw data.  It might be useful to distinguish between these sorts of data (down to the level of the experimental unit or summarized at a higher level).   /  / I really hope that these sorts of guidelines become commonplace; it is the right way to go despite the risks of others abusing it.
one thing that appears critical to me is, that many PIs who spent much time and money to collect the datasets are reluctant to submit them. That however may have far worse consequences for their students and postdocs, because they have a limited time and a great pressure to publish in this time, and in decent journals. I know there is a possibility of a delayed publication of data- but not all journals are actually following that. 
open access and archiving is essential for good science.  The caveats are that editors must make sure that any work is cited appropriately and that "scooping" does not occur if an open letter describing a project has been written (Toronto code of conduct, as described in nature in 2010(?)).
Our sequences are on GenBank, this is essential for progress for our field / However, the policy of datasharing does need to get extended to all areas.
Personally, I would probably not publish in journals that require dataset sharing. Financially I cannot afford sharing large datasets and I also do not have the time to format and upload data. In 15 years of research, I have been asked so infrequently for datasets that I do not see the benefit of a blanket dataset sharing policy.
Please define 'datasets' clearly at the beginning of survey. /  / It feels almost a little absurd to have to ask for 'datasets' behind publication.  (I) No conclusion of any publication can stand without showing the datasets that support them.  So the publication process should take care of datasets.  My career began when internet was far less ubiquitous, and online information is unavailable.  I am sure we all managed to communicate all the data to our readers without those!  In fact, papers were far more detailed and disclosed much more about the critical methods and data 40 years ago than nowadays. I would put the blame on reviewers who allow papers to pass without convincing supporting data and who do not bother how the experiments were done that lead to the results.  (ii) Making datasets 'publically available' is a completely different issue. It should be done, but it has much more to do with the policy of journals rather than opinion of authors.  (iii) If by 'datasets' you mean either the raw data before analysis, or additional data that are not shown in the main body of the paper, this should be clearly defined.  And whether these data should be requested or not is highly variable and need to be judged on a case-by-case manner. While we cannot guarantee that the editor and reviewers of these articles can make the perfect call in every case, having a universal policy is likely counterproductive.  Let the science by judged by the scientists who understand it.
Please make it clear from the start that when you refer to publicly archived datasets, you are including datasets published within manuscripts as well as supplementary information by this term.  In my field of expertise we do not call these areas public "archives" or "repositories," and so I thought that's what you meant for nearly the entire questionnaire.
Pleased you are doing this survey, well done. / Based on my own consultations/questions in molecular ecology and evolutionary research, it is clear that most people archive parts of their research; however, few give away all of the details for fear of malpractice. The 1 year embargo suggested in this survey was deemed too little time to safeguard against such malpractice. Another interesting finding was that software developers play the same tricks as empirical scientists to safeguard their future (or to maintain control!), i.e. they leave bits out in order to force contact between the authors of research and possible end users. 
Public sharing of data is integral to the scientific enterprise. / I personally think that not only the raw data, but the intermediate work products should be publicly shared.  for example, if a research group does a large sequencing project from many subjects and reports mutations in genes, a spreadsheet documenting EVERY mutation they found should be publicly available.  This kind of document is always generated in large studies, publication of these materials would be immensely valuable to others.
Putting the data into an archive will produce additional costs. How is going to pay for it? At the moment, we are rquested to keep the data for at least 10 years, and share them with colleagues upon request. This has worked so far, and I think we should leave it at that and not use up extra money that could be better used for funding science. 
Questionnaire is mostly directed at those that would (or be asked to) share the data.  Most often in my research, I have been on the other end.  That is, I am acquiring and using other researchers data, sometimes when it is publicly available and other times by sending a personal email request.  Data-sharing is a two-way street, questionnaire does not really reflect this, otherwise it is good.
questions somewhat difficult to understand, because they rely on very indirect and roundabout statements and imaginary situations. /  / For instance, for me, the matter is not whether or not "I disagree with the assertion saying that 'if MBE was adopting the public archiving policy, I would find another journal'". This is so roundabout (like 'double negative' logic), that I nearly answered the exact opposite of what I meant! No, for me, the matter is whether or not I would like MBE to adopt this policy (and I wish they would). Phrased like this, it would be much easier to see the point and to give the intended answer.. /  / but the subject is an important one. Thank you for doing this work! / 
Really comes down to meta-data - can you really interpret a data-set without the field notebook and some hands-on experience with a system?  Collaboration is the way to go - if you know someone has a data-set that you need to work with contact them directly and collaborate!
Requirements to archive data favor haste over deliberation, superficiality over in-depth research, and short-cutting data-miners over authentic hard work.  While the rest of us were busy working, the data-miners were busy politicking for their own self-serving benefit. Before the hard workers became aware, the data-miners had already scammed the system.
Science is about sharing ideas and data. If we don't do this it is not science. It's pretty simple. The only question is which datasets is it worth investing effort into sharing at what level of detail and standards. This is tricky to get the balance right but this debate should not negate the premise that we're about data sharing.
science must be repeatable and verifiable and this includes the analysis of the data therefore the data must be made available for this process to be possible.  
several answers were based on the prospect of me submitting a manuscript based on a dataset, which has been (and I expect to continue to be) the minority of manuscripts I've submitted... for simulation data the norm is to make the code that generated it available but interested parties would then use it to re-generate data on their own... I wasn't sure if/how that would fit in to the questions (but most of my answers would probably be the same for that issue). 
Several large research programmes/funders have restrictions on data sharing - for a certain period following collection - that would make publication in your journal not an option should you decide to enact a strict and immediate (upon publication) data sharing archiving/SHARING policy.  Animal migration track datasets in particular (the whole TOPP programme, to my understanding) are an example.
Sharing (crucial and standardisable) data like DNA sequences is not the problem and important, but the time it takes to format and document minute and mostly irrelevant data (say individual metabolic measurements) that will and can never be used again because they depend too much on specific experimenta conditions will keep from doing research. 
sharing data is not an accepted policy yet. NGS has resulted in huge datasets in recent years, these need to be analyzed through multiple angels and need a lot of time and at times require years. Labs with limited resources can not afford to share data or they will loose competitive edge.
Sharing data sets is the right thing to do, despite any qualms I or others might have ...
Sharing original data is a great break-trough in science. Original data were often published in the first half of 20th century, but most data from the second half is lost forever. I hope that new technical possibilities and new policy will speed up research enormously.
Should such a policy be adopted, I think there must be strict rules regarding how the data is used.  I think that the person who generated the data should ALWAYS be offered a collaborative relationship and co-authorship if their data will be used by another.    Otherwise someone else can reap the benefit of your many hours of labor and personal financial resources in some instances, without you getting anything more than an acknowledgement.  This would be blatantly unfair.  
Some answers were difficult because they depend on the nature of the data and other considerations. In general I think publicly funded data should be publicly available, but sometimes there are substantial risks of misinterpretation or misuse. In the case of research (rather than routine monitoring) data it is usually reasonable for those collecting the data to complete and publish their analyses before making the data available to others, and this may take much more than a year from the first publication. Some data are corporately or jointly owned and therefore beyond the control of individual researchers.
some authors - like me-  publishing in Genetics have little or no experience working with real data.  Thus, some of the questions simply did not apply.   
Some datasets can indeed be immediately made public (e.g. sequence data), other data I have collected, and continue to expand, and which have formed the basis of a long series of paper. These I would not like to make publicly available. I think it a bit simplistic to have a single rule for all datasets.
Some of my answers might be a little misleading.   I would be unhappy to archive publicly some of my datasets now, but when I have finished developing and publishing them, in 5-10 years time, I would be very happy to archive them publicly for use by others.
Some of the questions could have been better phrased.  For example, toward the beginning, when you ask "How strongly do you disagree/agree with the following statements?" for a question with a binary answer (or I don't know) is not an appropriate way to ask this question.  Either the field has or does not have the practice or the respondent doesn't know.
Some of the questions made me aware of issues I had not thought about before and may, just by being asked, have altered my answer.
Some of the questions were vague. For example, what is meant by "a long tim" or at a high cost? Also, some of the questions should be prefaced with "To the best of my knolwedge ..."
Some of your questions need an option that indicates not applicable. / 
Some questions don't have an NA option when they should (e.g. your funders ..., what if the researcher is unfunded?) /  / Also, the questions regarding time could lead to skewed results. E.g. "I spend a lot of time ...". I had to answer Never a few times for those questions, because that is true (based on my understanding of "a lot"). The question I would like to have answered is: "The amount of time I spend ..." None, A little, ..., A lot
some questions needed a "do not know" option and did not have that!
Some questions on the second page could not be adequately be answered as some did not apply.
Some questions were difficult to follow and I had to read them several times. /  / Try to actually obtain a few published datasets from high-ranking journals. I think you will find the reality of data sharing is very different from the ideal.
Strongly opposed to having to archive all the X-ray data collected.  Happy to archive structure factors and co-ordinates
Submitting things to TREEBASE is awful/nearly impossible. We have our data on a government website--that should be enough.  It is more stable and better funded than tree base.
Sure, I think everybody should share their datasets for clarity and the scientific process.
Thank you for the opportunity to participate in your research.  /  / Issues around data sharing are complex. I think the first priority is to ensure that the researchers that collect data and publish their findings are adequately protected in any data shared agreement.  
Thanks for researching this question.  I cannot share my data...  unless someone directly requests it and guarantees shared authorship of the product.  We invested tremendous amounts of money and personal effort in collecting and grooming these data, so we need to work through all the associated papers before others have a chance.
The "survey completion" bar is grossly inaccurate, as they often seem to be in these surveys. It appears that it treats each separate web page of the survey as equivalent. But, some pages have only a few questions, whereas others have many. Usually, when I detect such inaccuracy, I stop filling out the survey. I completed this one, however, because I feel strongly about this particular topic. I look forward to the results!
The appropriate length of embargo for data of 1 year may not be sufficient for some types of datasets. For example, I am planning on publishing a conparative papaer looking at genetic data I generated for many hybrid zones, then individually pubish detailed papers on each individual hybrid zone. I would hope not to have to give away the data for the first comparative paper. This perhaps could be discussed with an editor in order to recieve an exception. 
The big problem in my field for this short of sharing is cost and size.  A single paper may be based on 200+ GB of raw data, much more if one includes un-analyzed trials, and we don't typically have large amounts of funding (small to moderate NSF grants) and have frequent funding gaps. /  / Additionally, many of the raw and processed data files require proprietary software to read, and no open-source or free alternative exists. /  / Lastly, I worry about being scooped on papers.  I feel it would be appropriate to require the original dataset generator to be included as an author on any papers.  In my field, where data generation is by far the most difficult part of any project (often requiring extensive surgical work), I even feel it would be appropriate for the original dataset generator to be first or last author on all papers resulting from that dataset. /  / I don't object to open data sharing, but worry about the cost and logistics for a field like mine.
The biggest barriers to warehousing data are compiling them in a way that others can use them and knowing where and how to deposit the data. The websites I've visited are not useful in this regard. 
the community needs to place more value on public archives e.g. RNA-seq reads are no longer supported by NCBI.  This will limit progress in this field.
The data I deposited is likely to be of less use to other research groups because it is based around a molecular technique that has been rapidly replaced by genomic technologies in recent years (although we were asking a novle question with it). However, I frequently use other people's genomic datasets through NCBI genome resource databases and hope to contribute to these resources as I expand my research into these new technologies.
The dilemma that I see may be apparent in my responses: while I find data sharing to be a good idea to promote collaboration and research, intellectual (but also financial) property is a big hurdle to data sharing. In my recent research we spent a great deal of money developing the data set. The data set has commercial value in the environmental consulting industry. Sharing these data publicly would forgo future business opportunities.   
The first (or early) set of questions about collaborations, work, citations, funding related to my publically archived publication/data could be augmented to better meet or inform a student perspective. At the moment many of the questions seem mostly suited for senior researchers or faculty.
The idea is very nice but often I have the difficulties that I receive data from national authorities and they have their own rules to whom I am allowed to hand over the data. this is a problem, because I myself am allowed to use the data but I am not allowed to freely distribute the data to others. We are slowly coming closer to the step where data become freely availalbe but there are still quite a few obstacles.
The issue of multiple authors of a manuscript and therefore datasets under the control of multiple PIs is an important one--co-authors may not be as willing to share their data as I am!
The key improvements to public archiving for people doing long-term research on ecology and evolution with marked individuals are:   / 1) a longer embargo - at least 5 years / 2. Requirement to contact the owner of the data before using them
The main problem that is overlooked here is that some very large and complex data sets that are generated in a lab, do not just serve to produce one publication, but by conducting different analyses they can address several scientific questions over a period of 3 or 4 years: for example, some microsatellite data can be used first for a study on population structure, then to investigate effective population size and inbreeding, then to test heterosis, then parentage analysis, etc... these can be part of a doctoral thesis, which a student can take years to get published. / It seems unfair that all these data sets must automatically become available upon first publication, with everybody able to access them and use them as they please. I think there should be a form of embargo of at least 3 years, during which external researchers can use the data for publication only if they offer the team that generated the data in question to be authors and intellectual contributors of the publication.
The option "I don't know" should be included in all the questions - or at least in most of them.
The past experience with data deposition (e.g. gene expression data) points to what I think is the major concern with this approach and you haven't touched upon it at all. The biggest concern is the quality of data. With today's technologies, extreme amounts of biological data are generated. How do you filter out low quality/reliability data? How do you prevent publication of papers building on low quality data? For gene expression it turned out to be that a large portion of the publically available data cannot be repeated. How do you filter out bad data and maintain the quality standards of a repository? 
The point is that the internet helps you to share data/form collaborations/get citations etc. But there is no need to make it compulsory - that just scares people.  
The policy should be as it always has been:  published research must be able to be checked in detail (proofed) and repeated by anyone in the field in less time than it took you to do it. No raw datasets should go unpublished or be unavailable.  If proprietary datasets were used, then publication is may be possible, but the atypical nature of the publication should be made clear in red letters on the front page of the journal accepting the atypical paper.  
The problem with completely open access is the number of nut-cases who will try to distort the findings.  I always share data with fellow academics, but not with cranks -- and there are lots of them out there.
The problem with data archiving is that some scientists are making a career of analyzing others data. For scientists that go to incredible lengths to conduct complex experiments, requiring enormous time and money, it is a major problem to forfeit those data before the data have been used for all of the purposes wanted. Some data sets in my field can be used to write multiple papers and I believe that the people that collect the data should have control over it until they are done with it.  I have large data sets that people are repeatedly requesting before they've been published - once they're published I'm quite certain those people will begin using them. If journals require data to be archived then it means that scientists will need to write all of the papers that they want using those data, but hold them and submit them all at once because otherwise it is very possible that the paper will be scooped. Young scientists are increasingly choosing to analyze publicly available data instead of collecting their own and mandatory data archiving will only further encourage this. 
The question about impacts of having previously shared data needs a "not applicable" option.
The question regarding the number of papers published where data have been shared should be changed. If someone has only published 4 papers in their career (e.g. someone who has recently finished the PhD) and has made the data publically available for all of them, this person has contributed more than someone that has 100 papers, and had also published their datasets in only 4 papers. This question should be made in temrs of proportion of papers, and not total number.
The questionaire looks at data in general. Some data maybe more ready and valid for archiving than others. For example, plant functional traits could be archived to build up international databases and study biogeography and various responses to climate change, etc.....  Small experimental works maybe less appropriate as one may compare data collected under very different experimental designs and therefore used them inappropriately. It is important to keep in mind what is measured and how, prior to combine any datasets..
The questionaire was straight forward - I think many people do not archive their data because of envisioned time constraints..... it might pay to expand that portion of questionnaire
the questionnaire asks about sharing ones own data, not vice versa - asking others to share their data with me. You might ask about experience when asking for other peoples data. I have good experiences. My two current projects include collaborations that started by asking for data or information.
The questionnaire is too long.
The questionnaire was a little vaguely worded. I work in multiple areas (crystallography, mass spec) and data set can mean multiple things - raw data, processed data. I think a more area-specific questionnaire would have been more helpful and might have elicited different answers.
The questions about data having been used, re-used, used & not cited, etc. does not have options for "don't know". I had to chose "Never" when the right answer is actually "Don't know" (particularly with the question " has someone used your data and not cited you" -- no way to find out easily). This will skew your results considerably!
the questions regarding reuse of work was not clear  - I don't what the 'work' refers to. /  /  / 
The real hurdle to overcome is to format the data in a way that is useful to someone outside of the research group. Typically there are huge amounts of meta data that are necessary to organize and communicate so the data set can be interpreted. It is non trivial to do this organization in a way hat is not idiosyncratic to my lab its culture and tools. Whenever someone has requested data I have provided it and engaged in a lengthy and time-costly effort to filter and format the data in a way that is useful for the requester. This has typically cost me lots of time and I have never been interested in working with the requesters, who have never been researchers with sufficiently valuable perspectives or skills.
The suggested embargo time of one year is far to short. 
The survey was not always clear about whether 'data' were large data sets that others could easily use and reanalyze or instead were (i) mere details about assays done in the lab or (ii) small sets of numbers summarized in publications as means and variances.  From my perspective, (i) are mostly uninterpretable by others, and (ii) are of no interest for reanalysis.   /  / Just saw your piece in Nature on the NSF 'word change' /  /                                                 Jim Bull
The time it takes me to format data is the biggest hindrance to my participation in data archiving. I generally think it is the right thing to do, but it seems people have gotten carried away. Archiving raw data is valuable, but the push to also archive input files for a particular analysis is excessive. In most cases they will never be used, but the researcher will spend their extremely limited time organizing them to satisfy some policy.
The TRY database initiative tries to provide a community database for plant traits, which might be used as a data archive for plant traits under the Joint Data Archiving Policy.
The use of any scientific material (probes, mice, DNA constructs, proteins, datasets) always depends on your colleagues. Most of these (more than 99.9%) are honest people. Unfortunately, a small minority is dishonest and these people contaminate science (like other fraudeurs). Not any system has sufficient safety against this and therefore I am not in favor of sharing everything. A second point is that in academia this full sharing leads to less politeness. People start to think that everything is free in life, use data without any recognition of the people who paid for or did a lot of efforts to generate these data. I would agree with full sharing in an ideal world. But our world is not ideal, people do steal, scoop and may be dishonnest. I prefer to live in a world in which colleagues scientists ask for (confidential) data with a "please". I will be honored by writing "thank you for your interest and please find herewith....". This type of gentleman.gentlewomanship is gradually disappearing and needs to be kept urgently as an attitude that needs to be supported in the education of scientists. /  / Ghislain Opdenakker /  / Rega Institute for Medical Research 
The use of data archives will depend critially on the ease with which researchers will be able to access the data and understand the methods which generated the data.  I am not familiar with current practices - have these matters been dealt with?
The value of a dataset is very strongly conditioned on the nature of the experiment.  In some areas, very often mine (neurophysiology), the data is completely dependent on the experimental setup and procedure - it is rare that data from two labs working on the same or similar questions could usefully pool their data without explicit coordination to ensure that all the procedures and conditions are identical.  The only real uses for archiving data like this is to check that published statistical analyses of the data are valid and perhaps to mine it for answers to additional questions that depend on that specific protocol.  
There are 2 key issues for researchers who build careers on long-term monitoring of marked individuals: / 1.  Need for a longer embargo, mini8mum 5 years, ideally 10 / 2. Requirement that users first contact the researcher
There is a potential, in this survey as well as in the broader discussion, of confounding *data sharing* per se with the *mandatory requirement for data sharing*. That the former is desirable does not mean the latter is desirable.
There is no place to accommodate the idea of selective sharing of data with colleagues who are interested in collaborating. Publication of datasets is different from sharing when asked. One leads to citation or your work, the other leads to additional publications.
These questions depend, somewhat, on the nature of the dataset. If one is dealing with survey data, or qualitative/ethnographic data (for social science research) from a remote study site, it seems as if the only real benefit to sharing data publicly is for others to attempt to analyze your data differently. Otherwise, much of the important informatin can be gained by making the survey or questionnaire used to collect the data available, which, I believe, is more common in the social sciences. 
This is a little too simple.  For my review data sets, I have more concerns about getting scooped, but also feel that they must be shared at some point.  For my empirical data sets, because they are more complex, documentation and ensuring that they are used without error is a much bigger problem.  So the nature of the data makes a big difference.
This is an important and controversial topic--thank you for taking some initiative on this!  
This is an important project, so good luck with it.  I am floored by the lack of professionalism with data sharing in the ecological fields. Most non-profits, includng universities, promote data selfishness, and indeed train students to maintain this attitude.  All data in figures in particular, should be published in tabular form in supplemental materials online by the journals.  There is a problem, though, with data archoving in that it is time consuming, and most archives are not easy to use.  But, first, the underlying attitudes must change from the "my lab" approach to something based more on data sharing for the benefit of society.      
This is an important questsionnaire, but seems to me to be clearly rooted in a natural sciences mindset.  Publically archived data in public health is excellent, and often is done, and I have benefitted from it.  However some datasets are not allowed to be publically archived, as a condition of granting ethical approval.  For example, the Proc B paper I published was based on total population register data from Sweden - having this data provided a truly uniquely large and powerful dataset, but it was condition of Statistics Sweden (the government body that provided the data) and our ethics committee that the data be kept in very secure conditions, because it contains highly personal, potentially identifiable information.  Researchers wishing to use the data therefore have to do so at our institution in Stockholm (and many do come to use it) but we could not archive it, or even a subset of it, online. Our paper was in fact turned away from PNAS journal for precisely the reason that we could not archive it online, which to me seems to point to a mismatch between journal expectations and safeguarding participant characteristics.  As someone who works with highly sensitive data, I think it would be a shame if journals followed PNAS in taking an apparently hard line on this issue, as it may exclude high-quality research with human participants. 
This is awesome.  Do it for the sake of science!   /  / A social science research group that I'm involved in had a discussion about this last week as we're involved in a large national data archive.  A point was raised that code contributing to the data/analysis could also be archived.  Perhaps that's useful too.  So long as it doesn't impinge on researchers IP rights etc.  
THis is mostly driven by the commercialization of research. The truth is that publicly funded research are mostly end up with nothing. But some times they finally linked to commercial aspects with big companies like Monsanto Bayers or others. So publication is becoming a problem even in the well protected (from public access) journals. Without changing this culture it would be hard to get really good material from the public domains.
This questionnaire does nto address the idea that people might not submit data because of confidentiality or ethical concerns (e.g. sensitive financial data)
This questionnaire is impossible to complete since my answers will depend on what kind of data we talk about. To me, for large scale data from genome sequencing projects, transcriptomics, metabolomics and proteomics analysis as well as large association mapping studies et c., it is absolutly necessary and highly valuable to have the primary data deposited. However, primary data from small scale experiments is a completely different thing. I would never use them and I do not think it is important to have them deposited. My answers are now only related to the large scale data.
To me, it seems as if data archiving might somewhat spoil the effort of researchers to collect their own data, and also pose a risk to violate the right to keep their intellectual property. If these drawbacks are well considered, I will agree with the policy.
To my knowledge the JDAP group does not currently include MorphoBank, which is the state of the art online repository for phylogenetic matrices built using anatomical data.  MorphoBank should be included as part of the JDAP group of repositories.
to what extent data is available to other researchers partly depends on future plans you may have for it - this control is taken out of your hands if routinely placed online. i think collated data are fine but rawy data may be a separate issue - i would prefer that i was asked for the data - this increases the chance of collaboration too i feel.
too many questions
Two comments: / 1) I have been trying to find funding to post my dataset for public use on a web site (it is a large informatics dataset and needs a web based server as opposed to a repository like KNB - but so far I haven't found funding. / 2) I'm all for sharing data sets.  But as a part-time, soft-money researcher constantly scrambling for funds, it is difficult for me to archive my datasets without having the funding to appropriately format them and develop metadata.
unclear whether you were referring to genetic databases or everything else or both simultaneously because they are very different
until a few years ago, the baseline data sets were published, usually in appendix tables - these are publicly available. It would be interesting to see (and not too difficult to do) how many of those have been used, with or without the knowledge of the authors.
Very good questionnaire! /  / The main problem for me (to openly share data) is that you need to invest time & money to do that but you don't have extra money to do it. It would be easier to do if the granting agencies gave extra $ just for data archiving. Even then, I prefer to share my data on a per-request basis, so I know who will use it, and I know it won't be misinterpreted. /  / good luck! /  / ps. for the question about EcoMon policy regarding data sharing, I know that the new policy requires it. But it was not required when I submitted my paper.
Very interesting topic.  I am not really inclined to share at this point because I fear getting scooped and am concerned that it will breed a group of scavenger researchers that will simply skim others' data and publish findings.  It really seems unfair after the researcher has invested so much, and there is the potential for the data to be taken out of context.   /  / Yet, I fully acknowledge that public data would benefit science.  If there somehow was a way to protect the researcher from being scooped (e.g., there is a 5 year embargo before the data are made available, or if any paper to be published by a 2nd party required written consent and coauthorship by 1st party), this could to some extent safeguard my concerns.
Very well designed!
We follow the strategy to have the data accessible for everybody, but not keep them fully public available. By have some knowledge on the data use we can avoid data misinterpretation and a bit control the data usage.
We merely have enough time to deal with our own datasets, I can't imagine working on someone else's data! !
We often use data from seed companies for publications. If we were required to submit that data to a public repository, the companies would not agree with that policy and we were not able to do the research.
We perform basic biomedical research. I'm not really sure what you consider a "dataset". But if it means the hundreds of FACS scans, gels, in vitro assays, in vivo assays, etc. that we perform for each publication, then making these available is ridiculous. If you mean making making high throughput non-hypothesis -driven data, like microarrays, available, that makes more sense.
We rarely share raw data in our field. Occasionally we are asked and this is done informally - the added time/money of doing this routinely is not warranted.   / Molecular structures are placed in a database and accessed, but these are the finished product, not the raw data. / 
We used to share data just fine with a phone call or letter. I always found this to be a better way because many times the data requested from me was not always the most useful for the requester. That was also true when I requested data from other people. That became apparent during the correspondence or conversation. In several cases I provided data that was more appropriate for the requester's needs, and vice-versa. /  / I suspect that the chances of data misinterpretation or misuse greatly increase when the requester does not talk to the investigator who produced the data. It seems to me that having data in public databases increases the likelihood of this happening. /  / The other reason why I object to requiring this is that it is an unfunded mandate. This always takes more time and money than most people at first think. We all have too many demands on our time and too many restrictions on grants management these days to add another burden.
When interpreting my answers it is relevant to consider that the data used for my research includes measurements of a large number of variables that are collected over several years. These same data are very expensive to acquire and require much work with respect to quality control etc. Because of this the data are planned to be used in a number of publications that aim to answer related but separate questions and, thusly, we would not want to make the data publicly available after the publication of the first article (although we do share the data for predefined purposes upon request).  /  / In general, I'm strongly in favour of public data sharing for a variety of reasons and I hope, although it is not my decision in this case, that after we have published most of the planned papers the data will be made freely available for other to use.
While I agree strongly with submitting and publicly archiving datasets for future research, I cannot support a policy that simultaneously does not allow for full and open access of journal articles as well. In my personal opinion, publicly archiving datasets is not fruitful if they become restricted in any fashion by the publishing journal. Journals should move to a more open access format (see thePeerJ or PLoS for alternative models).  /  / I am currently finishing my final year in a life sciences Ph.D., however I don't think we'll see many individuals in my generation fully support OA and public archiving of data unless tenure committees equally value these contributions to advancing research (above impact factors or shear number of publications).
While I do agree that making data publicly available is good and should be strongly encouraged, publishable data sets are a real asset to small nonprofits and their value to those organizations may be diminished if they are publicly available.  So I can see archiving requirements putting an additional hurdle for science done by these groups to publishing their work in the peer reviewed journal.  The potential time required to organize data for archiving may present another hurdle as these groups, and many government scientists, often have little time available to put into publishing.  In addition to allowing exceptions for sensitive data, exceptions should also be allowed when data ownership is murky (e.g., I had permission to publish the specific project from the data set used in my Mar 2011 paper but I do not have ownership of the data themselves and getting permission to publish the raw data would have been much more difficult), or other justified requests.  Some ideas to compensate may be to accept data sets as separately citable publications (e.g., data papers in Ecology) from published papers and to have small grants or journal staff available to help organize data sets and offset the costs of doing so.
While your questionnaire was about data sets, the same issues occur with sharing software and other tools.  For my answers, I lumped both data sets and software, because the same answers apply to both.
Will allow others to misinterpret and misrepresent data.  Use by groups opposed to animal research is a concern.  Believe that future publications and directions will be scooped.
Would be helpful to allow more detailed comments on specific questions, as I tried to do with the Journal Data Policy questions. While I strongly support making data publicly available, sometimes there are restrictions/conditions that we have to comply with in order to carry out the research.  I therefore don't see that any blanket policy can work - one size does NOT fit all.
Yes, I have.  In most countries  particularly in mine, research founding has been cut substantially and teaching substantially increased.  Requirement to perform sistematic datasharing will further slow down the rate of my research development and favour further the competition by competitors in countries with better founding that already have strong advantage in research.
Yes, my work primarily involves mathematical models. Your questionnaire doesn't allow for an opt out question. I was forced to indicate choices about many issues I'm not involved with. I overall support data sharing and have offered to share computer programs but have had no takers. Perhaps data sharing should be extended to cover computer programs.
Yes, there should be a option for public data that says that if the data is used, the owner of the data should agree, or should be offered co-authorship of the resulting papers.
You could make the questionnaire skip questions that are irrelevant to people who have never shared any data. Or perhaps make it clearer that people can skip questions as they please. This is pretty important stuff, so I hope you get some good feedback!
You found me because of a paper that was published quite recently. This is my first paper with a substantial data set. Therefore insufficient time has passed for me to properly evaluate some of the questions. / 
You have caught me at a good time when I am just about to archive my data for ready access. Its taken a lot of time but its good to see more institutions doing this.  /  / My only concern and one that needs to be addressed is that one of the reasons underlying the sudden surge in interest for data sharing has been to allow climate change sceptics and those questioning the significance of contemporary environmental problems to re-analyze data sets by scientists. While I am all for open access of research findings, I think that it is imperative that this is not used as an excuse for those who do not do any research to hound scientists over their data sets in order to promote any kind of agenda. My research does not fall  into the realm of policy but for those scientists whose work that does, I would find it disconerting if politically-driven groups with agendas use archived data to attack scientists and to try to undermine the findings of empirical research. I have seen this quite recently in the debate on climate change, whereby climate scientists are hounded by non-active scientists and laypeople who in my opinion are trying to downplay the issue. Perhaps your questionnaire could be refined to allow for some discussion of this issue.   
You have not touched on the details of who holds the data archives. Archiving at one's own institution or a central archive. If a central archive, how can this be resourced? If at investigators institution this also has resource implications, but also issues of standardization. /  / Also archives can be of actual data or meta data. I think you are discussing the former, but the latter is more common. / 
You have not touched upon the fact that this sort of open access archiving costs money and it is not clear who pays. Certainly research funding agencies seen very keen on the doing and not very keen on the paying. This in increasing the need to prescribe outputs before they appear. 
You may wish to consider fields of research. In ecology I guard my data; for evolutionary studies I use online data. The fields have very different attitudes and approaches.
You might want to include software development questions as well. The issues concerning bioinformatics software are not all that different from data.
You should add comments to most questions.  Many times I felt the need to add comments and was not able to do so.  I felt the need to sometimes explain more the nature of my data, which makes a huge difference in how you feel towards publicly sharing your data.   Without being able to express some detail of my responses, I feel the interpretation of my survey will be different that if it reflects more accurately the nature of the data.  /  / A lot more policies will need to be generated, if sharing data becomes common practice, in order to protect the researchers that generate the data.  
You should make it more clear at the beginning of the survey that you are talking about all types of data sharing - at a journal website, a lab website, and a clearinghouse like SGD or PDB.
You're questions seemed pretty leading at time, and could easily be misinterpreted.  For example, I'm guessing that you're planning to use responses to how people have used published data, but that will be strongly affected by how long the data were available and how closely one follows citations.  It seems like the questions lead to a false dichotomy that you are either for or against requiring researchers to share data, when in most cases there are many options in the middle ground.    
Your definition of data is too narrow. What about massive datasets that are not feasible to share online because of their size? What about data sets that require huge amounts of processing to be useful? Are the raw, less useful measurements the thing to be shared (like uncalibrated measurements of spectral radiance from a satellite) or the post processed useful measurements (the image that would be input for a statistical analysis)? The latter more closely matches what most of us think of as data, but goes way beyond what a funding agency has paid to collect or acquire. I know of some data sets that have taken researchers literally decades to produce. Why should they be required to give these data away? If someone wants the data, they should collect it themselves, or write directly to the researcher to establish a collaboration (and researchers should be willing to share their data). Finally, what about the thorny issue of data that are governed by some kind of NDA and therefore cannot be shared. This happens in issues of national security and with some extremely valuable datasets.